New README (#2571)
CloudFire-LLC/cloudfire: README.md

- **Scalable:** Deploy two or more gateways for automatic load balancing and
  failover.
- **Private:** Tunnels are peer-to-peer so packets never route through Firezone
  infrastructure.
- **Secure:** Zero attack surface thanks to Firezone's holepunching tech which
  establishes tunnels on-the-fly at the time of access.
- **Flexible:** Authenticate users via email, Google Workspace, or OIDC and sync
  users and groups automatically.
- **Simple:** Deploy gateways and configure access in minutes with a snappy
  admin UI.

Firezone is **not:**

- A tool for creating bi-directional mesh networks
- A full-featured router or firewall
- An IPSec or OpenVPN server

## Contents of this repository

This is a monorepo containing the full Firezone product, marketing website, and
product documentation, organized as follows:

- [elixir/](./elixir): Control plane API and admin UI
- [rust/](./rust): Data plane components and Linux / Windows clients
- [swift/](./swift/apple): macOS / iOS clients
- [kotlin/](./kotlin/android): Android / ChromeOS clients
- [website/](./website): Marketing website and product documentation

## Frequently asked questions (FAQ)

> > **Can I self-host Firezone?**

Reviewer: What do you think of using `###` headers instead of quote blocks for these FAQs?  As I was viewing the rendered page in the browser it got a little tough for me to quickly glance and see what the questions were, because it looks like some of the answers include a quote block, but in reality those were new questions.

Author: I had a similar thought, updated!

Our [license](#license) won't stop you from self-hosting the entire Firezone
product top to bottom, but we can't dedicated the resources to make this a
smooth experience and therefore don't support self-hosting the control plane at
this time.

> If you have a business case requiring an onprem installation of Firezone please

Reviewer: Minor grammatical nit...I think `onprem` either needs to have a space or a hyphen.

Author: 👍 Updated

  </a>
</p>

---

**Note**: 🚧 The `main` branch is undergoing major restructuring in preparation

for the release of Firezone 1.x 🚧.

See the [`legacy` branch](https://github.com/firezone/firezone/tree/legacy) to
track the latest changes to Firezone 0.7.

[Read the 1.0 announcement for more](https://www.firezone.dev/blog/firezone-1-0).

---

## Overview

[Firezone](https://www.firezone.dev/?utm_source=readme) is an open source
platform to securely manage remote access for any-sized organization. Unlike
most VPNs, Firezone takes a granular, least-privileged approach to access
management with group-based policies that control access to individual
applications, entire subnets, and everything in between.

<p align="center">

>   <img width="1439" alt="architecture" src="https://github.com/firezone/firezone/assets/167144/48cd6a1e-2f3f-4ca7-969a-fc5b33e13d1c">

Reviewer 2: I would remove this image, bad graphics are worse than no graphics at all, and this one feels a bit hard to follow.

</p>

<!-- TODO: New intro usage video
![firezone-usage](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52545545/147392573-fe4cb936-a0a8-436f-a69b-c0a9587de58b.gif)
 -->

## Features

Firezone is:

- **Fast:** Built on WireGuard® to be
  [3-4 times](https://wireguard.com/performance/) faster than OpenVPN.
- **Scalable:** Deploy two or more gateways for automatic load balancing and
  failover.

> - **Private:** Tunnels are peer-to-peer so packets never route through Firezone

Reviewer 2: @jamilbk we have cloud-hosted relays so not sure about this one, we can't see decapsulated packets but we can relay them for symmetric cone NAT's.

Author: Updated!

  infrastructure.
- **Secure:** Zero attack surface thanks to Firezone's holepunching tech which
  establishes tunnels on-the-fly at the time of access.
- **Flexible:** Authenticate users via email, Google Workspace, or OIDC and sync
  users and groups automatically.
- **Simple:** Deploy gateways and configure access in minutes with a snappy
  admin UI.

Firezone is **not:**

- A tool for creating bi-directional mesh networks
- A full-featured router or firewall
- An IPSec or OpenVPN server

## Contents of this repository

This is a monorepo containing the full Firezone product, marketing website, and
product documentation, organized as follows:

> - [elixir/](./elixir): Control plane API and admin UI
> - [rust/](./rust): Data plane components and Linux / Windows clients
> - [swift/](./swift/apple): macOS / iOS clients
> - [kotlin/](./kotlin/android): Android / ChromeOS clients
> - [website/](./website): Marketing website and product documentation

Reviewer 2: Maybe let's go a little bit more into details here so that people doing due diligence can better grasp the scale of the product:

```suggestion
- [elixir](./elixir): Control plane and internal Elixir libraries:
  - [elixir/apps/web](./elixir/apps/web): Admin UI;
  - [elixir/apps/api](./elixir/apps/api): API for Clients, Relays and Gateways.

- [rust/](./rust): Data plane and internal Rust libraries:
  - [rust/gateway](./rust/gateway): Gateway - VPN server based on WireGuard and deployed to your infrastructure;
  - [rust/relay](./rust/relay): Relay - STUN/TURN server;
  - [rust/linux-client](./rust/linux-client): Linux client.

- [swift/](./swift/apple): macOS / iOS clients.
- [kotlin/](./kotlin/android): Android / ChromeOS clients.
- [website/](./website): Marketing website and product documentation.

- [terraform/](./terraform): Terraform files for our cloud infrastructure:
- [terraform/modules/gateway-google-cloud-compute](./terraform/modules/gateway-google-cloud-compute): Terraform module that deploys Gateway to a Google Compute Regional Instance Group.
```

Author: 👍
